* What is NPM?
  It is a tool used for package management and the default package manager for Node projects. NPM is installed when Node JS is installed on a machine. It comes with a command line interface CLI used to interact with the online database of NPM. This database is called the NPM Registry and it hosts public and private packages. 
  It is a tool used to: 
     - Install libraries
     - Manage dependencies
     - Run scripts

     NPM is dependency resolution system
     Uses Semantic versioning
     Maintains dependency tree inside node_modules
     Works with package.json as source of truth
  
* What is a Bundler?
  A bundler is a tool that
    - takes all your project files (JS, CSS, images etc)
    - Understands dependencies (import/export)
    - Combines them into optimized files for the browser

      Why Bundlers are used? Problem without bundler:
      - Too many HTTP requests
      - Browser compatibility issues
      - No support for:
           * JSX
           * Typescript
           * SCSS
      - No optimization
      
      What bundlers do internally?
        1. Build Dependency Graph
           Understands how files are connected
        
        2. Transform Code
           Babel -> ES6 -> ES5
           Typescript -> JS
        
        3. Bundle
           Merge files intelligently
        
        4. Optimize
           Minification
           Tree shaking
           Code splitting

      Best bundlers in the market
        - VITE
          - Uses native ES modules
          - Extremley fast
          - Popular for modern React app
        
        - Webpack
          - Most powerful & flexible
          - Industry standard for years
          - Used in large scale apps

        - Parcel
          - Zero configuration
          - Beginner friendly
          - Fast setup

* What is npx?
  Executes packages without installing globally
  Node package execute

* Dependencies Vs DevDependencies
  dependencies - needed in production
  devDependencies - only for development

* What is Hot Module Replacement?
  - Updates code in browser without full reload
  - it improves developer productivity
  - maintains application state

* What is .gitignore? what should we add and not add into it?
  The .gitignore file is a text file that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project during commit to the repository.
  The types of files you should consider adding to a .gitignore file are any files that do not need to get committed.
  For security, the security key files and API keys should get added to the gitignore. package-lock.json should not add into your .gitignore file.
  
      * is used as a wildcard match
      / is used to ignore pathnames relative to the .gitignore file
      # is used to add comments to a .gitignore file

* What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json?
  package.json
    - This file is mandatory for every project
    - It contains basic information about the project
    - Application name/version/scripts
  
  package-lock.json
    - This file is automatically generated for those operations where npm modifies either the node_module tree or package-json.
    - It is generated after an npm install
    - It allows future devs & automated systems to download the same dependencies as the project.
    - It also allows to go back to the past version of the dependencies without actual ‘committing the node_modules folder.
    - It records the same version of the installed packages which allows to reinstall them. Future installs will be capable of building identical description tree.

* Why should I not modify package-lock.json?
  package-lock.json file contains the information about the dependencies and their versions used in the project. Deleting it would cause dependencies issues in the production environment. So don't modify it, It's being handled automatically by NPM.

* What is node_modules? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
  node_modules folder like a cache for the external modules that your project depends upon. When you npm install them, they are downloaded from the web and copied into the node_modules folder and Nodejs is trained to look for them there when you import them (without a specific path). Don't push node_modules in github because it contains lots of files(more than 100 MB), it will cost you memory space.

* What is the dist folder?
  The /dist folder contains the minimized version of the source code. The code present in the /dist folder is actually the code which is used on production web applications. Along with the minified code, the /dist folder also comprises of all the compiled modules that may or may not be used with other systems.

* What is browserlist?
  Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file. It's used by frameworks/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them.


